Replace "command task" by "Workflow Task" (#2042)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cli/workflow/cancel.md

The `temporal workflow cancel` command cancels a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution).

Canceling a running Workflow Execution records a [`WorkflowExecutionCancelRequested` event](/references/events#workflow-execution-cancel-requested) in the [Event History](/concepts/what-is-an-event-history).

> A new [Workflow Task](/tasks#workflow-task) will be scheduled, and the Workflow Execution performs cleanup work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new [Workflow Task](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-task) will be scheduled, and the Workflow Execution performs cleanup work.
```

Link to the "info node id" - as that will cause the link previews to generate.
